TINY-7477: Added valign button (#6869)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- Added a new `toolbar_sticky_offset` setting to allow the toolbar to be offset from the top of the page #TINY-7337
- Added a new `mceFocus` command that focuses the editor. Equivalent to using `editor.focus()` #TINY-7373

> - Added a new `tablecellvalign` toolbar button for vertical table cell alignment #TINY-7477

Reviewer: Should this also mention the new menu button?

> - Added a new `tablecellvalign` toolbar button and menuitem for vertical table cell alignment #TINY-7477

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added a new `tablecellvalign` toolbar button and menu item for vertical table cell alignment #TINY-7477
```
